Updated Readme (#196)
finos/common-cloud-controls: Readme.md

<img height="100px" src="https://github.com/finos/branding/blob/master/project-logos/active-project-logos/FINOS%20Common%20Cloud%20Controls%20Logo/Horizontal/2023_FinosCCC_Horizontal.svg?raw=true"/>

## What Is It?

> FINOS Common Cloud Controls (FINOS CCC) is the codename for an open standard project, originally proposed by Citi and currently incubating in FINOS, to describe consistent controls for compliant public cloud deployments in the financial services (FS) sector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
FINOS Common Cloud Controls (FINOS CCC) is an open standard project that describes consistent controls for compliant public cloud deployments in the financial services (FS) sector.
```

### FINOS CSLA Needed to Participate in Common Cloud Controls

All FINOS Common Cloud Controls participants are required to sign a FINOS [Community Specification Contributor License Agreement](https://github.com/finos/standards-project-blueprint/blob/main/governance-documents/Getting%20Started.md#best-practices) before joining project calls and collaborating in working groups.

Please visit [participants.md](participants.md) and raise a Pull Request by adding your `name`, `organisation` and `enrollment date` to the markdown file.

Raising a Pull Request on [participants.md](participants.md) will automatically take you through the Linux Foundation EasyCLA process for signing the FINOS [CSCLA](https://github.com/finos/standards-project-blueprint/blob/main/governance-documents/Getting%20Started.md#best-practices).

Email help@finos.org if you require further help.

### FINOS Code of Conduct

Participants of FINOS standards projects should follow the FINOS Code of Conduct, which can be found at: <https://community.finos.org/docs/governance/code-of-conduct>

## Governance

> ### FINOS CCC Steering Committee Members

Author: ```suggestion
### FINOS CCC Steering Committee
```

<img height="100px" src="https://github.com/finos/branding/blob/master/project-logos/active-project-logos/FINOS%20Common%20Cloud%20Controls%20Logo/Horizontal/2023_FinosCCC_Horizontal.svg?raw=true"/>

## What Is It?

FINOS Common Cloud Controls (FINOS CCC) is the codename for an open standard project, originally proposed by Citi and currently incubating in FINOS, to describe consistent controls for compliant public cloud deployments in the financial services sector.

This standard is a collaborative project which aims to develop a unified set of cybersecurity, resiliency, and compliance controls for common services across the major cloud service providers (CSPs).

## What Are The Benefits?

#### 💯 Defining Best Practices Around Cloud Security

> > CCC aims to standardize cloud security controls for the banking sector, providing a common set of controls that CSPs can implement to meet the requirements of FS firms. As multiple FS firms are involved in the project, effort is shared, the controls will be representative of the sector as a whole, and be more robust than any one firm could develop on its own.

Author: this style came from https://github.com/finos/morphir?tab=readme-ov-file#what-are-the-benefits originally, but I agree, it's an abuse of markdown and we can get rid of it

FINOS Common Cloud Controls communications are conducted through the ccc-participants@lists.finos.org mailing list. Simply email [ccc-participants+subscribe@lists.finos.org](mailto: ccc-participants+subscribe@lists.finos.org) to join.

Other working groups have an email list too. Too join those, simply email to the addresses below:

- ccc-delivery+subscribe@lists.finos.org
- ccc-duplication-reduction@lists.finos.org
- ccc-taxonomy+subscribe@lists.finos.org
- ccc-security+subscribe@lists.finos.org
- ccc-structure+subscribe@lists.finos.org

### 3. Raise a FINOS Common Cloud Controls GitHub Issue

FINOS Common Cloud Controls is maintained and run through GitHub. Simply [Raise a GitHub Issue](https://github.com/finos/common-cloud-controls/issues/new/choose) to ask questions or make suggestions.

### FINOS CSLA Needed to Participate in Common Cloud Controls

All FINOS Common Cloud Controls participants are required to sign a FINOS [Community Specification Contributor License Agreement](https://github.com/finos/standards-project-blueprint/blob/main/governance-documents/Getting%20Started.md#best-practices) before joining project calls and collaborating in working groups.

> Please visit [participants.md](participants.md) and raise a Pull Request by adding your `name`, `organisation` and `enrollment date` to the markdown file.

Author: Yeah, I've seen this before!   

Members should really refer to FINOS members (i.e. Gold, Silver, Platinum etc) whereas participants are people who are engaged in the project/meetings/github etc.

> Please visit [participants.md](participants.md) and raise a Pull Request by adding your `name`, `organisation` and `enrollment date` to the markdown file.

Author: Have removed the usage of the word "member" from the README at least.

Raising a Pull Request on [participants.md](participants.md) will automatically take you through the Linux Foundation EasyCLA process for signing the FINOS [CSCLA](https://github.com/finos/standards-project-blueprint/blob/main/governance-documents/Getting%20Started.md#best-practices).

Email help@finos.org if you require further help.

### FINOS Code of Conduct

Participants of FINOS standards projects should follow the FINOS Code of Conduct, which can be found at: <https://community.finos.org/docs/governance/code-of-conduct>

## Governance

> ### FINOS CCC Steering Committeee Members

Reviewer 2: Can we remove the extra e from the end of committee?

The CCC Steering Committee is the governing body of the CCC project, providing decision-making and oversight pertaining to the CCC project bylaws, sub-organizations, and financial planning. The Steering Committee also defines the project values and structure. [Documented here](docs/governance/steering/charter.md).

> | FINOS CCC Maintainer | Representing   | Seat      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Name                 | Representing   | Seat      |
```

Feels like "maintainer" is opening more questions than it answers here
